In a previous lesson, we have seen how to build,
deploy, and automate the creation of infrastructure.
However, we still have some missing pieces.
Now there are full-stack architects are just complete,
we need to consider additional services that will help
us with automation of tasks and things that are application might need.
Because of auto scaling,
we know their obligation service will come and go.
So how do we persist data or files such as images and video?
Well, we do this by using Cloud Services that will
not be running inside our servers. Let's take a look.
In this lesson, we're going to discuss S3,
or Simple Storage Service,
which is a place outside of our BPC where we can persist images, video files,
configuration files, and anything relevant to our application including log files.
All their services worth mentioning are databases such as MySQL,
Microsoft SQL Server, and DynamoDB,
which is a very fast NoSQL database.
Load balancing which we have deployed in our previous lesson,
and one more services that you might come up is KMS,
which is Key Management Services,
which provides encryption services for your application.
But for now, let's concentrate on S3.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6